Lithium
Products & Solutions
 
Why Lithium
 
Services
 
Company
 
Community
 
GET A DEMO
USA  Contact
 
<< BackShares: facebook share button twitter share button linkedin share button
Full Stack Engineer
San Francisco, CA
Apply for the job of Full Stack Engineer in San Francisco, CA for lithium
Apply for the job of Full Stack Engineer in San Francisco, CA for lithium
Apply for the job of Full Stack Engineer in San Francisco, CA for lithium
Apply for the job of Full Stack Engineer in San Francisco, CA for lithium
Build software. Reach 500 million users. Change lives. That’s what we’re doing at Lithium. And you can do it, too. If you want to put your stamp on the digital customer space and enjoy yourself along the way, come join the team. We’re looking for seriously passionate, fun, collaborative & innovative thinkers to help us change the world.

Full Stack Engineer - San Francisco 

We are looking to build out our great engineering talent, with individuals who can be real and handle a typical day of:

Working closely with engineering peers, management, and product management, you will:
Design, implement and deliver compelling solutions that meet the product requirements
Accurately identify, enumerate and estimate work tasks for project schedules that you consistently deliver against on time on an Agile team
 Responsibilities

Developing Applications utilizing Java and Node.js to make our customer’s developers successful
Ability to quickly learn and master skills in new technologies.
Have a strong sense of fun and a passion for being part of a movement. As part of the Lithium family, you have a unique opportunity to join an exciting, dynamic and closely-interactive group of people whose focus is to help shift the paradigm of how social media will impact business.
Write quality, testable, maintainable, and well-documented code.
 

Minimum requirements

1-3 years of experience building consumer web products.
Competency in both client-side and server-side architectures, with a willingness to dive in full stack.
You have a solid working understanding of Java
Experience working with SDKs and/or APIs
Working knowledge of at least one data store technology e.g. MySQL, MongoDB or Redis
Experience with or strong interest in a DevOps approach.
Experience with or strong interest in working on an Agile team
Exposure to or working knowledge of Elasticsearch, Lucene, and/or another search technology is a plus
About Lithium

Lithium's software helps companies reinvent how they connect with their customers. We work with more than 300 of the world's best brands— including AT&T, Best Buy, Indosat, Sephora, Skype and Telstra — to respond on social networks and to build trusted content on a community they own. Now with Klout, Lithium reaches more than 500 million consumers across 10,000 specific interest areas to establish trust and reputation. Together, we represent one of the biggest collections of data on consumer attitudes, preferences and digital activities. Our 100% SaaS-based Lithium Social Customer Experience™ platform enables brands to build and engage vibrant customer communities to drive sales, reduce service costs, accelerate innovation and grow brand advocacy. We are experiencing rapid growth and are recognized as a leader by top analyst firms, including Gartner and Forrester. And because our culture is as exciting as our products, we’ve been ranked as one of Glassdoor’s Best Place to Work. Come check us out!

At Lithium we encourage our employees to be real. In keeping with this philosophy, we appreciate diversity and welcome all qualified applicants regardless of race, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status, genetic information or criminal history.

 

Apply
Apply
EMAIL JOBS TO ME
See the latest jobs, news and events by joining our talent network:


First name
  
Last name
  
Email
 
Optional Phone Number
Email Frequency

SOCIAL SIGN IN

LINKEDIN
FACEBOOK


  Anonymous
 Linkedin
+ Comment 
What is this?

Ryan Anson

Recruiter at Lithium Technologies

We welcome your comments and questions about this Full Stack Engineer opportunity at Lithium Technologies.


To all recruitment agencies: Lithium Technologies does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Lithium employees or any other Lithium company location. Lithium Technologies is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.

  
 
 Contact Us    Ask the Community    Request a Demo
              News Room
Resources
Jobs
Online Communities
 Social Media Management
Pricing
Customer Support
Blogs
© Lithium Technologies Inc. 2014 Site Map Privacy Security Disclaimer
